+++
title = "self assessment"
authors = ["Suryakiran, student number: 2312154"]
[extra]
toc = true
+++

# Contribution and Commitment to the Project

## How do you ensure the completion of your assigned tasks?

Automated timing IDE extensions and manual tracking for research. 

## How do you keep track of how work is distributed among your team members?

I tried to help members who seemed to be overwhelmed.

## How do you ensure that you follow your team’s instructions and agreed-upon plans?

I read through the meeting minutes and was active on the discord.

## How do you analyze the relationship between your individual tasks and the overall project goals?

I helped create the tasks which I thought would be the best at driving the project forward.

## How do you assess the fairness of task distribution within your team?

I kept time allocation in mind while we discussed backlog items to allocate to members.

## How do you familiarize yourself with the activities of other teams?

I talked to friends in other teams.

## How do you evaluate the significance of your specific tasks for the overall success of the project?

My tasks due to their nature as the backend were instrumental in the success of the project. Most of the logic for the app runs on it.

## How have you worked to promote equitable task distribution within your team?

I recommended easing the burden off of members who were overwhelmed. 

## How do you incorporate best practices from other teams into your own team’s activities?

We didn't.

# Monitoring and Self-Improvement

## How do you keep a record of your total work time spent on the project?

I relied on autogenerated reports for that.

## How do you track the time spent on improvement-related activities?

I manually tracked them.

## How do you document the time spent on communication?

The scrum master wrote meeting minutes which included the time spent in the meeting. The time spent on voice chats were logged by discord.

## How do you differentiate the time spent on different tasks?

By looking at my commit messages created during that time.

## How do you ensure that your work time is systematically distributed throughout the project duration?

I didn't. My role required a lot of work during the start to get the basic app working, however, the frontend was playing catch up for the rest of the sprints.

## How do you assess the monetary value of the time you’ve invested?

It'll probably be around a few hundred euros, however, most of the time I spent on the project was fun and so putting a monetary value to it is reductive.

## How do you differentiate the time spent on each iteration?

The autogenerated time reports contain it. 

## How do you evaluate the monetary value of your work time in each iteration?

It's probably around a hundred euros or so, but most of the time I spent on the project was fun and so putting a monetary value to it is reductive.

## How do you apply insights from tracking your work time to improve your time estimation for new tasks in each iteration?

My time tracking in the first week was a bit shoddy, however I got much better at starting stopwatches when I did research. 